(Fix) RHEL8 Docker Image deprecation (#5967)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Renamed the configuration property `admin_api_uri` to `admin_gui_api_url`.
  The old `admin_api_uri` property is considered deprecated and will be
  fully removed in a future version of Kong Gateway.

> * The RHEL8 Docker image provided by Kong is replaced with the RHEL9 Docker image. The RHEL8 package is still available [here](https://cloudsmith.io/~kong/repos/gateway-34/packages/?q=distribution%3Arhel+AND+distribution%3A8). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The RHEL8 Docker image provided by Kong is replaced with the RHEL9 Docker image. The RHEL8 packages are still available [from our package repository](https://cloudsmith.io/~kong/repos/gateway-34/packages/?q=distribution%3Arhel+AND+distribution%3A8). 
```
Avoid using "here" for link text, it's bad for accessibility.
